The project is created as a Java Maven Project using OWL-API 5.1.16. Using a newer version of OWL-API may require certain changes in the code. The code is comprised of a central class, MyOntology, which functions as a base to create and edit ontologies. The rest of the code utilizes this and other tools to add to the SALI base ontology. I’ve used Eclipse for handling the Java code. Please read comments at the top of each of the classes to get a better picture of what it does.
One of the potential steps to take would be to freeze IRIs while making the updates. Right now, the code generates them on the fly. This means that multiple executions of the code would lead to new IRIs. This could be fixed easily since the program returns the IRIs at the time of execution and we could store them as a hash table and use it in subsequent runs to check for existing IRIs and assign the same to those entities.
The inputs to each of these updates is the output of the previous class. This is not strictly necessary, but that is the pipeline I followed in the present development. Plug in the current version of SALI and feed it to Batch_Update_final then the output ontology is run through Update_DocumentTypes and then ComplianceUpdate. There are overlapping sections (though no name conflict) between the NIA additions in Batch_Update_final and ComplianceUpdate, those need to be cleaned up. I would suggest removing the NIA related additions in Batch_Update_final after examining the new ones in ComplianceUpdate, keeping the newer data while ensuring all things have been covered.
Other than using OWL API, I had to create the rest of the things from scratch. I may suggest looking into the libraries for Protégé to check if you could use those to automate bulk additions. I tried looking into the code, but it was taking me time so I ended up writing this myself.
